There was only one big subject for us.
We took it on. We had a good family
fight on it for a couple of days and we
ended up I think in a better place.
Kevin W there in his first press
conference as Fed chairman presiding
over to FOMC that kept rates on hold but
was divided on the path ahead. You're
watching the China show. I'm Ivon Man
with David and Glenn.
>> Good morning from Hong Kong. We are
counting down to the open markets in
greater China. Let's get to your top
stories today. Traders are pricing in a
full rate hike by October after the
Fed's closely watched dot plot shows
hawks are dominating Asian stocks
arising unsustained optimism amid tech.
>> Oil prices holding losses as President
Trump signs the deal to halt the war
with Iran and reopen the straight of
horm that memorandum of understanding
now in effect.
>> Meanwhile, Japan questions China's
military spending numbers, signaling
Tokyo's tougher line on Beijing. We'll
hear from the defense minister Shinjiro
Koisumi
>> and G7 leaders agreed to reduce their
reliance on China for rare earth seeking
to curb the threat of export controls
halting production lines around the
world.
the Kevin Worsh era has begun and
certainly did he make that stamp uh in
his first meeting here today. you talk
about, you know, what has changed,
right? It was a much more shortened sort
of FOMC statement this time around.
Also, when it came to no dot from the
chairman himself in that dot plot, but
then again, you look at the rest of the
dots and where they're all spaced out
here right now. Uh, you continue to see
here a lot of division among the Fed,
but leading more hawkish now.
>> Yeah, I mean, the market needed to pull
forward its expectations for a hike,
right, from March of next year uh into
October. We talked about that yields are
obviously needing to adjust higher. The
dollar adjusted higher past tens because
as we speak right now the dollar's
seeing a little bit of weakness coming
through in the Asia Pacific. It's also
worth pointing out I just had a look at
the swaps numbers in fact about 10
minutes back and we've now almost fully
priced a second hike by the first
quarter uh of of next year. up. That
that is also just to say will less
communication coming through out of the
Fed mean that markets will need to delay
their reaction function if and when the
Fed makes it clear or do they sort of
fill the gap in as far as anticipating
what the Fed might actually be mean.
>> Yeah, because you know he has in some
way signal that he's going to limit the
forward guidance, right? We certainly
have seen that. So, but then again, when
you talk about this family fight, as he
called it here, the the the big debate
around where the rate trajectory should
go, you know, it's it's split half and
half. You look at how the dots are. Nine
of the FOMC committee members actually
thought that, you know, rate hikes
should be higher or at least there
should be a rate hike uh this year. The
other half saw rates holding steady or
declining. So, you know, Kevin Worsh is
going to have to kind of deal with that
split, right? And how he's going to
influence the votes there. a a reckoning
at at some point in time. I mean, other
stories that we're also tracking that
also obviously are showing up across
these markets uh today is obviously
given what's going on, the tech
conversation continues and the momentum
we're seeing in those markets there. So,
uh Korea is actually up uh decently
today. Taiwan is coming online. We
haven't had a look, but I imagine that's
also pushing uh to the upside right now.
Uh on top of all that, there's also, by
the way, yep, they both signed the the
deal uh Iran and uh the United States.
We understand that that came through
from the US president. He said it a few
hours back and I think we also got that
post coming through from the Pakistan
side of course that fairly that laying
out of course what was agreed on and
we've obviously yet to see uh how if
when and to what extent we will see of
course the over uh the opening of the
rate of formulas but yes I mean oil
obviously there and of course we need to
talk about dollar yen too. Wow. 16068.
We are close to breaching that 2024 low
uh for the currency here. So, uh there
was a lot of anticipation that if
they're going to intervene, they they
the timing would have to be maybe post
Fed before they do anything. So, we're
watching any signs from Japan there on
that front today.
>> Okay. Going into the open today here in
greater China, we're called lower half
of 1%. We are on bare market watch. MEI
China just to uh also mention that going
into the open today. Right. Uh back to
the top story on the Fed. Here's what uh
some of what Fed Chair uh Kevin Walsh
said after that rate decision.
At any institution, a change in
leadership is a natural and timely
opportunity to reaffirm its mission to
review current practices and to consider
whether those practices best meet our
objectives. I'm appointing a task force
in each of five areas that are central
to the broad conduct of monetary policy.
We recognize that inflation has been
running well ahead of the Fed's
longstated inflation goal of 2%. That's
been going on for more than 5 years.
We've dropped forward guidance. This
committee will deliver price stability.
Joining us now from Dallas is Rob
Kaplan. Goldman Sachs is vice chairman
and former Dallas Fed president. Rob,
it's always great to have you on the
program. You know, a lot of us have not
really heard too much and really know
the the the the new chairman here. I
mean, what do we learn about Kevin Worsh
in this meeting?
>> Uh, we learned that he's serious about
not wanting to make predictions or give
Ford guidance. And he he he also learned
uh that he's probably even going to be
careful about describing the Fed's
reaction function. And then the last
thing is which was not surprising there
are four or five areas and I think this
is a good thing. He wants to review
practices and that's why he's setting up
these task forces.
And so we learned that he's serious
about that. uh the the drawbacks of that
approach or the adjustment the markets
are having to make is he didn't really
give a glimpse into the debate. The
statement probably was is the best guide
you have and and I'll make a comment on
that. It's a tension between an
infrastructure boom capex AI related
infrastructure related data center boom
in the US which is probably inflationary
and straining resources
uh and labor. At the same time over the
horizon, we have an AI adoption boom
coming which should be disinflationary
and we have a war that has been
negatively affecting prices that ideally
is coming to an end and a straight being
reopened. And so that's kind of the
balance that previous Fed chairs would
have described. And I think he's telling
us you're going to have to surmise that.
that he's not going to take you through
that debate
>> is I mean Rob you're fairly familiar
with the reactionary function sometimes
markets being too proactive
uh do you see a scenario where uh you
know the new Fed chair will need to at
least react to if if markets get get it
wrong
>> he he he's going to have to react to the
following if the inflation prints
over the summer don't cool a little bit.
Uh they can maybe wait past the July
meeting, but I think if they don't cool
by September, I think there's going to
be a lot of pressure on the Fed to take
action to deliver that promised uh price
stability or to get get the Fed closer
to delivering on price stability. I I
don't think that's a market pressure. I
think that's a reality pressure. So
they've got some time, but I don't know
that they have a lot of time beyond
September.
>> I think even with limited forward
guidance, it seems like the rest of the
committee has is turning more hawkish.
Rob, you know, we see that in the dots.
>> The traders already aggressively
repricing this now and and they're
repricing one rate hike as early as
October of this year. Do you think
markets are getting it right or maybe
too hawkish?
>> Well, here's the caution. Uh and and
obviously I submitted a lot of these
SCPs when I was at the Fed. You work on
it last week. You get it ready to submit
by Thursday, Friday of last week. It's
announced over the weekend and clear the
war is coming to an end and the straight
is being reopened and you've already
done all your work. Uh and so could I
could I imagine that if that dot plot
was done 6 weeks from now uh you won't
get another one till September that it
might be softer than the rate path uh
the the nine that are suggesting that's
possible cuz you've got a lot changing
right now and if I were in my former
seat I would be urging caution about
over interterpreting this dot plot
because we just had a big change and I
want to give a chance for that to work
through the system. And so that's a
caution on this and the market only is
just reacting to the data it has. And I
think it's worth noting that there ought
to be a significant caution on
interpreting this dot plot.
>> Yeah. It's almost like the teacher
telling you to turn your papers in and
then you suddenly remembered something
that you you were going through as you
were reviewing for the test, Rob. So, I
mean I mean the market seemed to
suggest,
>> and by the way, Kevin Kevin he he hinted
at it where he said they came in with
pencils with big erasers. I I wouldn't
have minded if he added one or two more
sentences to explain why the erasers
were so big, but I think what he was
intimating was this tension I just
talked about.
>> Yeah. Well, is is the bar low to just
act hawkish, an insurance hike rather
than just seeming uh seemingly being
passive given the dynamics at work?
>> Uh what's the bar? Um I mean,
personally, if inflation prints don't
cool between now and we get to
September, I actually think the balance
of risk suggests it would be wise to
take some action either in September or
in the fall. I think that'd be the wiser
thing to do. I think that that I think
if inflation stays sticky, it tells me
that the stance is is uh is
accommodative and too accommodative and
we need to take action. But that's why
you have a debate around the table. Uh
you're going to have people who agree
with that view. You'll have people who
disagree. His job is to is to
orchestrate and referee that debate.
There's a difference, Rob, between
perhaps an insurance hike and entering a
tightening cycle.
>> Uh, which of the two do you think we're
in?
>> So, just if you go through history, and
I've been part of these um in the past,
it is unusual for the Fed to act once.
And I think if you go back through the
last many years, you're going to see a
one-time cut or hike is unusual.
Normally these moves come in twos and
threes and so I think if you move in
September you need to be prepared there
could be one or two more and that's why
I think the market is saying okay maybe
they'll have to move in September in
which case they might have to do another
one before March and that's why the
market's uh reacting that way.
>> What do you think this new era of Kevin
Worsh what impact do you think is going
to have the bond market Rob? I mean, do
you think 10 year yields can can hit
higher from here or or do you think, you
know, we we've hit a peak or do you
think higher for longer is sort of the
reality now, too?
>> So, in fairness to Kevin Worsh, the Fed
really has uh disproportionate impact on
the front end of the curve. I actually
think at this point with with government
debt to GDP over 100%, net debt over
100%. Remember, it was mid70s precoid.
So we've had a big jump in leverage. I
think the back end of the curve is being
driven much more by uh not the Fed but
by supply demand of treasuries and
expectations for how big the def deficit
is going to be and are we going to get
this deficit under control. The
combination of historically high
leverage, this is not just true in the
United States, it's global issue with
very limited workforce growth means all
of our growth for deleveraging has to
come from productivity. And I think the
back end of the curve is reacting to
that as much or more than it is to the
Fed. And and I think that's worth
keeping in mind.
>> Rob, it's great to have you as always.
Rob Kaplan there, Goldman Sachs vice
chairman and former Dallas Fed president
joining us here this morning. Coming up,
we're getting the outlook for the dollar
and really the rest of FX World with
A&Z's head of FX research, Majabin
Zaman, and why she sees the dollar
remaining firm in the near term. And
we're coming down to the open of trade
in Shanghai, Shenzhen, and Hong Kong. As
we see, right, we've been talking a
little bit more about, you know, risk
assets are still doing well in some
parts of North Asia here today despite
this kind of Kevin Wars spoiling the
parties sort of the thing we're seeing
across Treasury markets here as well.
This is the China show on this uh
another wet Thursday morning.
It's all right. Whatever.
>> And it looks like they might even raise
them later this year if there. Do you
have any comments?
>> It could happen. I mean, I It's hard to
believe. It just keeps a country down,
you know? So it's so
unusual, but we have a very good guy
over there now. So I'm guided by what he
wants.
>> President Trump there reacting to the
Fed decision. The first uh under of
course his nominee and his appointee of
course Kevin Kevin Walsh there. Um quite
fittingly the president was on a runway
and certainly the question across
markets right now is this a runway
higher or lower? city's actually still
thinking this is actually um they're
headed lower but they're pushing back
the timing of that cut from September to
October which fittingly interestingly
enough is October is when the markets
actually see the Fed going the opposite
way in terms of rate that rate hike you
can't make these things up almost like a
coin sauce Bob Michelle of JP Morgan
thinks it's actually getting ready to
hike interest rates
>> yeah be you can add Anna Wong's team to
the frey here they were saying maybe
before this Fed meeting that the Fed can
still cut this year they've changed that
now they said no hikes or cuts this
year. So, there's a lot of adjustments
going on.
>> So, what do we do with that information?
>> What do we do with that information?
Let's bring in Nancy Davis, founder and
CIO of Quadratic Capital Management.
Nancy, I mean, it seems like the dots, I
mean, they say not as much conviction,
but they're all over the place. Markets
seem to be sort of all over the place
about this as well. But,
>> you know, what did you make of what we
heard from the Fed
>> today? And and, you know, are markets
right to to really price in sooner rate
hikes?
>> I don't think the markets are right
about that. I think um what I heard uh
Kevin say today is that he's trying to
build consensus. Uh he's a new chair.
He's trying to fight in the family. Um
definitely reiterated the 2% target on
inflation. But I heard loud and clear
that the Bureau of Labor Statistics
calculation of CPI, which we have known
for five years is kind of nonsense. It's
not a real measure of inflation, is out
the window. and that they're going to be
recalculating. He's not using survey
data. That's old school. They're not
relying on it anymore. And if you look
at some measures, he even talked about
CEOs of small businesses. You get some
measures of inflation today that are
outside the Bureau of Labor Statistics
in the United States. It's under 2%
right now. So, I do think the market
took his comments a little bit too
literally. And I think you have to also
think that he was trying to be balanced.
He doesn't want to be a sock puppet.
He's trying to build consensus. And I
also think um you know it was it was
definitely a huge reaction. Um but I do
think higherall is coming. I think there
are a lot of strategies out there that
sell options. They're in for a rude
awakening because when you sell options,
you're selling volatility. So I think
higher ball is coming, especially with
less guidance. Um, but I did not hear
that a hike is, you know, coming. That
wasn't my takeaway. Although the market
disagrees.
What does it mean for this range we've
been stuck in on the 10ear, let's call
it four to four and a half, maybe 5%
since 2022. Uh, do we remain in that
range or has this opened up rightly or
wrongly maybe to your point path beyond
5% to the upside?
I think it's a great question, David,
because he did mention the balance
sheet, and I think that is a huge focus
for um our new chairman at the Fed,
Kevin Worsh, has been very, very focused
on the balance sheet. Remember, he
resigned from his previous FOMC post in
a protest to QE2. So, I think that could
definitely mean um steeper curves. Now,
the opposite happened today. We had
massive flattening in the market because
nobody was paying attention to the back
end. Everybody was saying, "Oh, hikes
are coming this year." I don't think
that's the right way. I think it's
actually the opposite. We will see
steeper curves with more more of a
normal term premium coming back to the
market. But most of the time, the
difference between the 2-year and the
10-year rate is about 1% 100 basis
points. So, we're nowhere near that.
Even though other markets like Japan,
the Japanese 210 year is over a 100
basis points. So I think it's uh it's a
little bit quick to jump to say we're
hiking in October. I didn't hear that at
all. I just heard 2% is real. We're
sticking by it. We're trying to build
consensus and we're going to be
recalculating this whole CPI number.
That's out the window.
Have we at least taken out rate cuts and
put that out the window? Nancy,
>> I don't I mean definitely not being
priced into markets. Right now you have
hikes being priced in. So if the Fed
doesn't hike rates that will be, you
know, a steepening of the curve because
the market's already priced set in. I
don't think hikes are, you know, the
right way to be looking at it. I don't
think that was a conclusive thing. It's
not positive that they're going to cut
rates, but I think if I was, you know,
looking at probabilities, I'd say more
like in my opinion that they would
actually be potentially cutting rates,
but it might be uh later in the year.
And he doesn't want to do it in the
first Fed meeting. He doesn't want to
come out and be, you know, super dovish.
And he's trying to build consensus. And
we also have to think that he's got, you
know, a lot of work to do given all the
Fed speakers before this press
conference today which were pretty
pretty hawkish for weeks.
>> You alluded to this Nancy on you know
the lack of you know less is more on
guidance perhaps means higher higher V.
I mean to you is is is that a good
thing? Would would market participants
welcome less uh I want to say
speculation less less less noise uh
coming through out of a varied amount of
speakers coming out of the Fed and
simply look at this meeting to meeting
data to data. Uh where are you on that?
>> You know I think Kevin really
articulated it well. He basically said
we want to hear from the market not the
Fed tell you what's going to happen and
have the market follow what the Fed
officials say. So he's really looking
for a more you know kind of more market
driven prices and not you know not the
forward guidance kind of driving where
everything is. So I think that's that
forward guidance is what kept all you
know interest rate volatility has fallen
by over 50% in the last 3 years in the
United States. Like that's crazy right?
You think about Silicon Valley Bank was
kind of the peak which was only in 2023.
It's done nothing but essentially come
down with a blip at liberation day. So I
think that's not a normal environment. A
lot of investors are going and selling
optionality to yield enhance their
credit. So we're back into the even
though policy rates are not at zero.
Credit spreads are super super tight. So
we're back to the yield enhancement
while selling you know kind of mantra
that gets people in trouble.
Nancy, thank you so much for maybe avoid
helping us avoid some of that trouble
that we're going to get into. Uh thank
you so much Nancy Davis there, founder
and CIO uh Capital there management.
Okay. Uh going into the open today,
Hansen index is lower 710 to 1%. We're
about 19% down from the peak on MCI
China. So we are on bare market watch.
We'll talk more about that in a moment.
This is the China show.
All right. Uh we're just moving into
about 4 and 1/2 minutes uh to the or
just under four and a half minutes to
the opening bell and we're lower across
as you can see major benchmarks here. We
are set of course in terms of weekly
losing streak uh the longest streak in
about 11 years and of course on that
note similar tone uh we are nearing a
bare market on Msei China.
>> Yep. So we're watching that. We're also
watching some of the EV names as well.
BYYD in particular here this morning. So
there was strong pre-sales order
momentum around its great tang flagship
SUV model. So according to Deutsche that
could imply more than 10,000 units of
monthly sales though the stock is
slightly lower here today. We're also
watching some of these food delivery
platforms. So some guidelines that we're
hearing from regulators there. So
they're drafting these rules to curb
food delivery subsidies though. So you
are seeing the likes of Baba JD are
lower here today. Mtoan's heading the
opposite direction. And then there's
this company Kingboard that we're
watching very closely uh here yesterday.
Okay, the shares did jump after a unit
agreed to sell some of its shares of
Kingboard Laminates there in a block
trade agreement. The shares jumped as
much as 14% to a record, a little bit
more moderate here today. We got the
open coming up next. This is Bloomberg.
Welcome back. Uh you're watching the
China Show. Just a quick weather update
here in Hong Kong. So if you're in the
city, it's going to be no surprise. Of
course, it's still raining. It's still
raining. It's raining less. Is is is so
the Hong Kong Observatory has now
cancelled this amber rainstorm morning.
That's not to say it's not raining. It's
it's in fact it's still quite I mean
just look at the live shot that those
are not tears of um treasury bulls. That
that's quick.
>> I hope I hope it continues to fade this
raid. I I I somehow booked a boat party
on Sunday.
>> You did
>> for my husband's
>> Well, you can still you can still push
through.
>> We'll see. Um the the party has it
really ended when it comes to what we
heard from Kevin Wars. That certainly is
one thing to to really deal with here as
we continue to see uh the dots were
leaning hawkish here. He refrained of
course from submitting his dot but it
seems like the FOC committee is already
kind of signaling it for him. Um so that
is raw raw oiling you could say some of
the risk assets here when you take a
look what bond markets have been doing
uh what the dollar obviously
strengthened across the board. You're
talking about a yen that is at the
lowest that we've seen since uh 2024 of
July I believe. So we're still in an
intervention watch and this is what
we're seeing when it comes to stocks uh
in China here today. Uh the key thing
that came out yesterday from Lu Ja was
of course some of the liquidity
management, some of the tools that they
were trying to refine here as well. So
we'll talk a little more about what that
could mean when it comes to a policy
framework, but you are seeing Hang Sang
seeing more declines here this morning.
So we're down about 8/10en of 1%. There
is some parts of the market particularly
in Korea that are still doing okay when
it comes to the tech trade, but look at
some of the the big cap in China. So
you're seeing pretty big size moves in
Alibaba in BU in 10 cent. Xiaomi is down
some too. Uh there was of course uh the
the talk about these food delivery
subsidies and how they're going to be
curbing them. So that certainly is
weighing on the likes of Baba here
today. Mtoan though interestingly enough
is up some 2%. Dollar China was just
around that 678 I think level or I need
to check back my eyes are really bad but
yeah 676 I should say I correct myself
but still seeing some strength there at
least for this morning. Uh we're also
watching rare earths, right? Because the
G7 did aim to have China supply no more
than 60% of their rare earth. So
reducing that reliance uh from the
mainland here. So that certainly uh
could lead to some interesting market
moves. Some of these rare earth stocks
are slightly higher here this morning.
Uh also when it comes to Kingboard, so
this was an interesting company, right?
Because it drove a lot of the southbound
flows yesterday. Uh there was a stake
sale within one of its units here. So
the stock surged uh once they heard
about that block trade. Uh we are seeing
still some gains when it comes to
Kingboard Holdings itself. We're up
about 1.2% but the laminate side of the
business that's slightly lower here
today.
>> Yeah, I mean that's a stock price if you
just look at the chart it's almost gone
vertical. So it's it's something that
we'll continue to track obviously given
everything that's going on. Uh and as
far as that that that specific stock is
it's ability to just um suck in a lot of
the trading activity yesterday. Absolute
uh session in in the stock yesterday. Uh
very quickly um I think we're looking at
MSEI China. What are we doing? 7382
level to watch coming up on your screens
very shortly. If you need an
illustration how far we've come down
about 19% from the October 2 peak at
that level, we get to 20% that is of
course we will be entering a a a bare
market. And in case you're curious what
that specific level is, our producers
have been kind enough to put that level
on your screens very shortly. In case
you're curious, 72 spot and and change.
Just watch it very closely. We are close
and we'll see if we get there today and
hopefully for the bulls we don't. Okay.
Um let's Thank you. There we go. 72984.
Now we're entering day two of the Lu
Jadway forum. We did hear of course from
top officials yesterday from the
securities regulator to the monetary
policy officials. And I think one of the
key areas of focus is this is the
question mark the shift towards the a
weekly uh a 7-day policy rate maybe
towards this
>> overnight
>> overnight which some other peers of
course elsewhere use like the Fed for
example and and others but I think we do
have some understanding now of what how
that's going to work.
>> Yeah. So there was there's a little bit
more of the adjustment on that front,
right? They didn't fully say that they
were going to shift this into the new
next policy rate and whatnot, but
certainly there is a bit more movement
on really focusing more on the overnight
sort of of side of things here. Uh they
also talked about boosting the yen use.
Uh the CSRC also wuen came out at the
end of our shows here yesterday talking
about supporting the launch of these
active ETF products in the mainland as
well and maybe rolling out some reform
packages for the star 50 board as well.
There was a little bit more of that
whole theme of financial opening up,
right? And I think the likes of Morgan
Stanley is saying their takeaways from
Lu Jaj is that is to ease the capital
flow fears when it came to what we heard
about the overnight reverse repo. Though
it's interesting enough be came up with
this coil. They're saying the PBOC is
not ready for a Fedlike overnight rate.
They're saying at this point it seems
like it's a a liquidity management sort
of thing, a technical adjustment
designed to improve money market
liquidity management here. It's not a
sign that they're going to be altering
the policy rate framework.
>> Yeah, just watch the 7-day which remains
in their view uh the key the main policy
lever there as far as monetary uh policy
uh is concerned. For more analysis
really on these new measures joining us
now is out of Shanghai is min of course
our China correspondent and uh she's
standing by with her next guest Minman.
>> Hey David. Yes, I'm here at the
Shangrila Hotel in Shanghai where the
Luja Forum is continuing on for a second
day. And you talked about those
policies. There are certainly a lot of
debate right now about what exactly is
the ultimate policy intention here. And
joining me right now is the Shanghai
Advanced Institute of Finance, Professor
Juning from the Shanghai Taoong
University. Uh, Professor Ju, thank you
for joining us. just help us understand
you know the latest news yesterday from
Pangong Xong about placing more emphasis
on the overnight reverse ripple rate.
Does this mean that is is it just a
technical adjustment or is it a shift
towards using the overnight rate as the
key policy rate in the future?
>> I think it's a bit of both. I think mean
we have been seeing that the POC is
trying to use the uh the overnight repor
rate as a more uh important guidance for
the policy interest rate. So in a way I
think mean one thing is it is trying to
uh use more of the market based uh
instrument to guide the market
expectation of the interest rate for
China going forward. The second is I
think we have been seeing that the
overnight ripple rate has been very
important in uh uh the inter institution
lending and borrowing between China's
financial institutions. So this is very
important because uh often enough
towards the end of the months there will
be a spike in the interest rate squeeze
and then I think this will be helping uh
ease some of the fluctuation and the
spikes in the uh short-term market
turmoil or uh fluctuation
>> and what is the timeline when do you
think we would finally see that see that
shift towards that overnight rate as a
as a policy rate?
>> Well, I think the PC has been pushing
towards this direction for the past year
or two. So I wouldn't be surprised that
they will continue in that direction and
hopefully probably by the end of the
year I think we will see some more
reliance on this rather than the LPR as
the policy guidance interest rate
>> and you know you mentioned that this has
been a multi-year process. Do you
actually see concrete progress in terms
of the sharpness of policy transmission
as they shifted towards shorter end
interest rates?
>> I think we do. I think one is we're
seeing the the policy corridor has been
narrowing which is an indication of the
policy makers having greater control
over the precise direction of where the
market is headed. The second is I think
mean the continuing uh stance or the
continuing e effort trying to push into
this direction is gradually changing the
behavior of the market institutions
which is also going to be eventually
working into the PBOC's direction and
>> and just reading between the two leaves
from what Pangong said yesterday where
do you think when do you think the next
cut is going to be
>> uh I think probably sometime this year
but it's really highly dependent I mean
we just see uh Kevin Walsh took uh the
first press conference uh from the other
side of the ocean. So I think it's
highly dependent on the international
environment and the inflation
environment in the whole world.
>> It's interesting that Pangong Chong
indicated yesterday that credit growth
has been slow and he said it's not
sustainable to return to previous pace
and in fact it's unnecessary. So if we
do see this structural downshift in the
credit impulse where is the growth going
to come from? Well, I think China is
trying to engineer its growth uh from uh
the more debt driven or credit driven to
the more technology technology or
innovationdriven model. So, I think it
is going towards that direction. Uh and
and somewhat by design, I think this
will require less credit and less
lending from the financial institutions.
So, this is not necessarily a bad thing
as uh Governor Pen pointed out. though I
think we are counting more on in uh
innovations such as new energy vehicles
uh photo voltage and AI and high-end
semiconductors innovation and I think
more and more of the growth hopefully
will be coming from those areas rather
than the traditional uh lending
intensive uh housing sectors
>> and this dovetales with what the CSRC
chair wing talked about with the
liberalizing of the rules to list these
uh less profitable AI firms and we did
see a surge in IPO after that with the
reforms but do you think the market is
maybe underpricing the risk given the
lack of visibility around profits?
>> Well, I think we are living through a
period of fairly uh uh available liquids
all over all over the world. So, I think
this is not just a China phenomena. This
is probably as prevalent as it is in the
NASDAQ and the US market. So I think we
are going through a period of time where
people have very high hope for AI and
related innovation and also at the same
time people are willing to pay the risks
for the potential fluctuations in the
market eventually. So I think the jury
is still out for well whether we're
making the right bet at the right the at
the right moment
>> and is it going to come at the expense
of Hong Kong because you know China is
now encouraging Hong Kong listed firms
to list in China as well?
>> I don't think so. I I think I mean
Shanghai and Hong Kong have always been
playing a fairly uh healthy uh
complimentary roles to each other. Uh in
a way some of the companies choose Hong
Kong because Hong Kong has more flexible
uh listing requirements and uh more
liquidity and availability of the
foreign capital. On the other hand, I
think China's main share China's main
market the Asia enjoys a higher
valuation and more liquidity. So in a
way it's a choice of the uh companies
and the financial institutions in which
market or which venue fits their needs
the best.
>> And we heard from the FX regulator as
well about potentially looking into
creating uh UN FX trading in the future
futures trading. Um what is the direct
impact do you think it's going to have
on corporate margins and earnings
especially the exporters? I think like
many reforms going on in China or has
been going on in China, I think the
reform is probably going to be gradual
and uh step by step. So in a way I don't
think we're going to see a lot of shocks
or uh impacts to the financial
institutions or corporations at the very
moment. But I think intro the
introduction of uh derivatives of uh
Chinese FX exchange rate uh trading I
think that is a very healthy step for
having more market participants joining
the market setting the price through
different channels. I think that's
always a healthy and a constructive
direction for the uh for the further
reform of uh exchange rate of R&B.
>> And to what extent do you think this is
going to draw more inflows, global
inflows into the Chinese bond market,
especially with the offshore uh UN bond
futures trading that is going to be
supported by the government as well?
Yes, I think the offshore uh Chinese
exchange rate and the offshore bond
market is a very healthy whereas onshore
in the uh uh free trade real in
Shanghai. I think that's a very uh
innovative step for China to experiment
with various possible venues and
platforms to trade and determine prices
for both the uh interest rate and the
exchange rate. Uh that being said, I
think we probably need to see as the uh
as uh governor uh Drew pointed out, we
probably need to see more reforms in the
uh capital account flow and in terms of
the fac facilitation of the setting up
of uh entities in the uh free trade zone
uh in order for foreign players to play
a more active and more continuous role
in setting the prices in those markets.
And is this enough do you think to
encourage foreign investors, foreign
institutions to hold the UN for the
longer term as an alternative asset and
not just you know for purely
transactional purposes?
>> I think that is probably a different
topic. I think that is probably the
longer term uh direction of the reform
going forward and I think in order to
achieve that we probably have to uh have
one uh a more vibrant economic growth in
China to a fairly good management of the
interest rate. Three is the more opening
up of the capital account.
>> All right, more capital uh opening up of
the capital account, liberalizing of
capital account opening as China tries
to encourage Shanghai to be this
offshore financial services hub uh in in
mainland China and that is Juning the
finance professor at Shanghaiong
University. Ivonne
>> Mman, great interview there. Thanks so
much of course to Juning for joining us
on the China show. Coming up, President
Trump signs the interim peace deal with
Iran as attention turns to reopening
trade through the straight of horm. We
have details coming up next. This is
Bloomberg.
Right, welcome back. Just a polish check
of markets. The usual winners are
continuing to win. Chinese stocks
underperforming yet again here. Msei
China down about 1%. We are on bare
market watch as far as that index is
concern.
>> Yeah, we're just about just like a one
point sort of move away um from entering
into that technical bare market. So
that's one thing to watch here today.
Earlier we also heard from President
Trump confirming that he has signed a
peace deal with Iran during his visit to
France.
>> You signed the deal.
>> You signed theou.
>> Yeah. In case you're curious, um they
were at the he probably might have been
the palace of Versailles there. of
course that's near Paris uh where he
signed that document where he had dinner
of course with the French president
Emanuel Macron that now this this prelim
deal includes the reopening of the
straight to moose uh Jill Dus is here
with us to talk us through what's more
we know about what was signed and where
this takes where it takes us next
>> yeah well I think at this point David
the important thing to remember here is
that this is still sort of an interim
deal so it opens the door for 60 days of
negotiations which I think is really key
because obviously as we know of Trump um
not just in his current term but also
back from his first term as president.
Um you know he can sometimes change his
mind. He can play hard ball one day and
then um look a little bit softer the
next. So I do think we have to kind of
see where things go from there. But in
at least the immediate term Trump's made
very clear that um he sees this as a way
to end the war um to reopen the straight
of Hermuz to ultimately get some of that
uh ship traffic flowing through again.
Obviously that seems to be what traders
are very optimistic about right now. Um,
all that being said, uh, this was a
pretty remarkable, uh, you know, press
conference from the president, um, you
know, just talking about, um, you know,
some things involved with this deal. And
it also seemed like he kind of walked
back on some pretty significant red
lines, um, that he, um, you know, and
other Republicans have kind of drilled
on for for years um, involving he seems
open to the idea of uranium enrichment
being something that could potentially
be accessible to Iran again. um he seems
open to um you know their their ability
to hold at least some ballistic
missiles. Um and then he also has seemed
um fairly open to the idea of them being
able to retain some of the frozen
assets. Um that's actually been like a a
lynch pin of this deal as well is that
um you know conditional uh to certain
arrangements with Iran that they could
ultimately um regain access to at least
some of this some you know hundred
billion dollars or so in frozen assets
that they have. So what do we need to
look for out for in the next 60 days
then once of course this begins right
this whole negotiating process and
really whether these red lines keep
shifting or not.
>> Yeah I mean look I think at this point
Yvon you've got a lot of Republicans
sitting Republicans um who are quite
dismayed by some of the president's
language around some of these red lines.
Um I mean Iran hawks in particular um
you know are saying hey look like I
thought you know a lot of these were
justifications for the war. So, I do
think that over the next 60 days, you'll
want to look to see whether or not the
president's rhetoric changes as these
negotiations go on um as to what he may
be open to Iran ultimately obtaining. Um
I do think that a lot of those questions
around funding and assets is also really
key. Remember, as part of this, we're
talking about um the idea of um you
know, a pretty substantial amount of
money being potentially available to
Iran for economic development. Trump has
made clear he doesn't um want any of
that to be US financing. But I do think
a lot of the terms of how exactly that
would be negotiated um are are certainly
open to question here. And then I think
you know at the end of the day if a big
part of this um also does come down to
that idea of resumed traffic through the
straight of her moves uh does that
actually hold up? Do we see that
resumption um you know actually
happening and you know what does that
mean for the world's energy supplies? So
a lot of unanswered questions here. Um
obviously we're much closer toward um
you know the end of all of this than we
were just a couple of weeks ago it
seems. But um yes, it still is um you
know, not completely a done deal,
although obviously this this um interim
has been signed.
>> Jill, thank you. Jill D is there an
update on what's really going on uh our
managing editor uh when it comes to the
Iran situation. Uh meanwhile, we've been
talking to of course Japan's defense
minister. He's been questioning the
accuracy of China's official military
spending figures and taking a tougher
line on Beijing's claims that Japan is
pursuing a new militarism. In his first
international TV interview, Shinjurro
Kuzumi told us that Japan would be
transparent about spending on new
warfare methods such as drones and AI.
>> What I feel as defense minister is that
because a 1% cap was securely in place
for so long, we were unable to allocate
funding to areas that truly needed it.
The SDF has continuously had to endure
this constraint. I want people to
understand that first. If we look at
what is genuinely required right now,
the necessary gear and our personnel
executing their duties with high morale
despite this harsh security landscape, I
want to purely request what is truly
needed first rather than focusing on
percentages or baseline numbers.
What kind of figure that turns into is
something to look at afterward.
>> Let me ask about the increase in China's
military spending.
>> You expressed concern over this issue
very clearly at the recent Shangrila
dialogue. Which specific field causes
you the strongest concern?
One element is transparency. We explain
our strategy with high transparency. Our
budgets undergo scrutiny and
deliberation in the diet. And just as I
am taking this interview with you, Mr.
Gail,
we provide the necessary explanations
domestically and internationally.
Conversely, would a non-democratic
nation offer this many opportunities to
explain things to its legislature?
And are the figures they put forward
genuinely grounded in fact, backed by
evidence, and highly transparent? When
doubts arise on these points, how much
effort do they put into explaining them?
It remains a reality that despite
whatever nominal figures are presented,
countries hold reservations regarding
that transparency.
What is vital in accountability and
transparency is to never neglect
dialogue
regardless of differences or conflicting
stances.
Therefore, Japan seeks dialogue no
matter how much our position diverges
from China's.
There we go. That was the Japanese
defense minister Shinjiro Koisumi
speaking with Alistister Gail of course
her colleague in Tokyo. Uh you can
rewatch that and many other segments
that you might have missed of course
under video hub today. Uh subscribers
can explore live streaming news
interviews. Check it out
bloomberg.com/videos.
checking movers here this morning. Oh
yeah, that long joo short miniax pair
trade continues for another day right
now. And actually you talking to the
sell side analysts about this. They're
saying look this divergence that we've
seen between the two stocks actually may
continue and gain momentum when you get
into the summer months there early July
they say here because when you take a
look at the large chunk of Miniax stock
that's going to be I guess unleashed or
released after this IPO lockup they say
it is a larger chunk so perhaps maybe
more selling pressure for Miniax coming
through the next few months or so. So
that's one thing to watch. Jupu shares
continue to be on a tear this morning.
We're up 9%. In terms of some of the top
gainers here, it still remains around
the chinx here this morning given that
that index itself is up more than 1%. So
we're watching very closely some of
these names like Lens Tech for example
is up some close to 6%. Uh Shandong
Sinosera Functional that's up close to
10% here this morning and your dashboard
is looking like this, right? So Shyx
continues to shine if you take a look at
that. Um the rest of offshore China
still looks pretty weak, right? Look at
the hang. We're just below that 24,000
level. Msei China, we're we're getting
ever so closer to bare market territory,
session lows now when it comes to MSEI
China there. So, continue to see more
pressure offshore versus ashares.
Shanghai still doing okay.
>> Uh we're also looking at as you can see
at the bottom there, that's a steeper
curve on the 30-year pushing higher and
it's yet again a stronger Chinese
currency pushing down on Dollar China.
coming up in fact on FX uh A&Z's head of
FX research joins us to talk us through
that and also the founder and CEO of
WideE to talk us through business
updates. Lots more ahead. This is
Bloomberg.
At any institution, a change in
leadership is a natural and timely
opportunity to reaffirm its mission to
review current practices and to consider
whether those practices best meet our
objectives. I'm appointing a task force
in each of five areas that are central
to the broad conduct of monetary policy.
We recognize that inflation has been
running well ahead of the Fed's
longstated inflation goal of 2%. That's
been going on for more than 5 years.
We've dropped forward guidance. This
committee will deliver price stability.
Fed Chairman Kevin Walsh there setting
the stage for the of course reforms this
institutional overhaul he promised
before he took charge and really talking
about the lack of forward guidance right
the chairman did not submit his dot for
that dot plot but of course those FOMC
members uh send their own signal right
which was hawkish and that's why you're
seeing risk assets falling just a little
bit here today uh in Hong Kong in
particular here but we're still on bare
market watch when it comes to Msei China
>> yeah which is if you look across the
region including of course the downdraft
we're seeing in greater China. It's
certainly not the message you're getting
overall that it the market was adjusting
hawkish. We did adjust hawkish and then
Asia woke up and then you had other
drivers driving these markets to the
upside. But again just to mention on
China as well it's continuing to
underperform. Uh we are set for five
weeks of losses on hanging. Uh China CSI
though is going the opposite way. China
index has also been uh decently good and
of course we this is the last trading
session of the week because both uh
markets are shut on Friday. Uh we are
still in bare market watch on MSI China
which is just under the 73 handle there
as far as that's concerned. Some movers
to tell you about Baba 10 cent and the
opposite and the offsets are Jongji and
Inolite as you can see on your screens.
flip the page please very very quickly
what else we're tracking here and as far
as uh some of the other moves are
concerned uh you have some big moves of
course across elsewhere in the region
which we've alluded to uh Japan is up 2%
uh not on your screens but something to
talk about is of course the Japanese yen
which touched the weakest level in since
2024 yeah uh over the last what's 12 or
so uh hours maybe a little bit more than
12 hours but yes it's been something of
worth noting going into the session
think of things today right um so um
half full.
>> Half full. Yeah.
>> Right. When you look at as Asia X China
today, uh let's bring in Anthony Stevens
of course to help us understand the
dynamics at work here with pricing on
tech specifically.
>> Uh equity markets are splitting into
equities and tech equities. That's what
we're going to go with.
>> Equities.
>> That's what we're going to go with,
right? And we seeing that the
semiconductor index outperformed the
NASDAQ yesterday. And China and Taiwan
and Korea are an exact mirror of that
price action. We're seeing hyperscalers
in China suffer. And that is what is
weighing down MSCI China, your Babas,
your 10-centents, your Bus. But the semi
and AI supply chain is doing really
well, which is your opticals and your
semiconductors. And you're seeing that
the same dynamic in Korea with Heinix
off to the races two days in a row
versus a down NASDAQ. So there's
definitely deep dispersion within the
tech space. uh our our colleagues on
Bloomberg uh intelligence highlight that
dispersion in Asian equities is is at a
record high and that follows the US
dispersion that we've been following for
a while that has stayed remarkably
consistent despite the overall macro
pressure from the Iran war and now the
Fed. So macro does not matter to tech.
It
>> it's interesting too how you separate
everything um because when you talk
about what happened with the Fed
meeting, you said it was basically Worsh
ruining the party in some ways, crashing
the party in some ways. Can we continue
to see bonds and FX struggle? Then
>> bonds and FX definitely will play the
macro tone. They are macro uh
instruments in the first place, right?
So what what WSH has done is say we need
to tackle inflation right here, right
now to tackle the perception that
inflation is getting out of control.
He's very much an inflation anchoring
guy. He likes looking at the long-term
trends. He wants the market to do the
work and he wants to just set a signal
and get on with it. Right? And that's
why the short end of the rates curve
moves so sharply. So now the rates curve
has flattened significantly. That was
the signal he intended to send. And now
Asian policy makers are picking up where
he left off and trying to signal to the
market that they are not behind uh the
inflation curve. So you had the BOK very
early on the tapes because that currency
has been in the firing line. I'd expect
the Japanese to follow if the yen
continues to push through the 2025 lows.
So very much in focus
like real em is on deck later with
Indonesia, Philippines. These countries
have started on the hiking cycle. Let's
see what they can come up with to
counter the Fed's hawkishness.
>> Anthony, thank you. Anthony Stevens
there, a markets reporter on what we're
watching out for here today. It was
interesting conversation we had with Rob
Kaplan too in the previous hour here,
the former Fed uh president of Dallas.
And he was talking about, look, I think
markets kind of took those dots quite
literally and kind of went with it here
right now. He says he's not surprised
maybe six weeks down the road if they
had to do the dots again that they would
be more of a softer print than what we
saw overnight here. So maybe, but he
still says maybe it might be smart for
the Fed to maybe act, maybe fall, he
said in terms of timing.
>> Yeah. I mean, the cautious stance would
be to hike and then he he doesn't think
it's just a one and done, right? He
thinks actually the Fed tends to move in
bunches. So he he does think of course
the market's somewhat getting this
correctly and as far as September,
October and then of course as the
pricing suggests now maybe March could
be the next uh next time they actually
move for a second time. But I think
what's interesting, what stood out as
well was the fact that to your point
earlier point that don't pay too much
attention on the dots now because those
were submitted before the latest
developments on the war.
>> The war
>> and if you had to redo things if you had
to take the dots now probably we would
show somewhat more dobbish than the
hawkish.
>> Um
>> but still I think I think Kevin I like
the the takeaway was it was a family
fight
>> yes
>> amongst the committee here about where
they think rates are going to lie. But
here's more from Kaplan in our interview
here earlier this morning.
>> If the inflation prints over the summer
don't cool a little bit, uh they can
maybe wait past the July meeting. But I
think if they don't cool by September, I
think there's going to be a lot of
pressure on the Fed to take action. If I
were in my former seat, I would be
urging caution about over
interterpreting this dot plot because we
just had a big change and I want to give
a chance for that to work through the
system. And so that's a caution on this.
It is unusual for the Fed to act once
and I think if you go back through the
last many years, you're going to see a
one-time cut or hike is unusual.
Normally these moves come in twos and
threes and that's why I think the market
is saying okay maybe they'll have to
move in September in which case they
might have to do another one before
March and that's why the market's uh
reacting that way.
>> All right the Fed is never one and done
according to Kaplan there. Let's bring
our next guest Majama head of FX
research at A&Z. Uh the dollar certainly
is moving to the upside on all these
sort of hawkish tilt that we're seeing
from the dots and what we heard from
Kevin Walsh uh during that press
briefing here. Uh is there more upside
to the dollar you think?
>> Look, I think we are cautious with what
we have seen overnight. Uh we think peak
hawkishness is already in the price. So
from here what else can take the dollar
higher? I'm not quite sure. I mean even
preed meeting you know there have been
talks about US exceptionalism. Is it
returning? You know we think that you
know yes a lot of the US exceptionalism
story is hinging on the positive wealth
effects from US risk assets you know
that your colleague mentioned equities
now that's interesting term but you know
how high that can go and for how long uh
because when you look at the savings uh
details of the US consumer or household
they're actually at their lowest so the
status around the US consumer is not
looking as amazing and that positive
wealth effect from equities is probably
giving that extra boost to risk assets
as
Do I take it Majabin David here by the
way that you've haven't heard enough to
just go go incrementally long from this
point on the US dollar?
Yeah, look, I think we still as of now
uh with all said and done uh you know
still kind of have a little bit of a
leaning towards a weaker dollar into
year end. uh and really coming back to
the fact that you know if indeed the
state of Volmos is reopening if indeed
oil prices remain at the levels they are
which is lower then you know those
energy importing effects that have been
badly you know sort of sold off will
come back you know and you think about
the anti-dollar proxy euro and they're
also going to probably raise one more
time as well so you know all of that
coming into play we'll see a little bit
of recovery but it's you know case by
case and I think that's probably going
to limit how much higher the dollar can
go from here also
Okay. How how are you watching of course
this part of the when you take a look at
the yen?
>> It's interesting that we're still well
above that 160 handle here despite the
fact that BOJ actually hiked uh before
the Fed decision here. So do you think
that this is sort of the the timing now
that the Fed is kind of out of the way
that policymakers will have to come in
and step in and intervene?
Yeah, look, I think um they probably
were on the sidelines to see how the Fed
plays out, but you know what we saw in
April and May, you know, the
intervention didn't quite help the yen.
Uh as we have previously noted as well,
unless you get bilateral intervention,
coordinated in inter intervention with
other parties as well, I don't think
intervention is going to help much. I
think to really get a stronger yen, what
we really need is super super hawkish
Bank of Japan. We didn't quite get that
this time is like slow normalization is
the message we got. Um we also need
again reduced volatility around the
fiscal story in Japan. Uh declining
energy prices at the margin we are
getting and then we see dollar to play
out weaker over the course of the year.
So everything needs to come in together
to see the yen strengthen at this stage
here and now kind of looks like that one
you know that current level is kind of
going to be holding for now. M
>> how much more hikes do you see
tightening maybe incrementally to your
point on on being hawkish and do you see
a do you see a world where Japan will
get sort of its stars align to to maybe
pull this exchange rate down?
>> Uh yes we think there will be one more
rate hike by the bank of Japan in Q4 and
thereafter we'll assess where inflation
is. I think the stars are getting
aligned. Finally we have inflation back.
Finally, real wages are in positive
territory. There are questions around
that fiscal story but you know once we
are through that and you know you need
to spend to see some impulse on growth.
So if that result comes out eventually
then yes I think uh the yen will uh
strengthen into next year. I think the
direction is there interim we do have
this volatility that we are facing right
now.
>> Okay. If we have out hawkked the Fed in
markets when it comes to the dollar I
mean how how would you fade that sort of
dollar strength right now across the G10
space where do you see the more
opportunities now?
>> Yeah look I think the high yielders will
stand out at this stage. So we look at
you know the RBA uh you know was on hold
uh this week. Uh we think RBA is going
to be on hold for some time but when you
look at carry advantage you know RBA was
ahead of the curve raised rates three
times and I think that will continue to
support the Aussie uh when risk asset
starts to perform again. Um so we are
very optimistic on the Aussie side of
things. Um I think that's probably that
and then probably again as as I
mentioned the energy importers within
that you really think uh you have euros
sterling and yen. uh probably euro will
likely uh outperform that scenario.
>> Okay. And does it remain I think that I
mean you mentioned you're bullish on the
Aussie that stands out to me. I'm just
looking at uh the carry returns year to
date that stands out to me as perhaps
the winning trade uh in 2026. Is there a
scenario where you see that changing or
do you continue to lean into that?
>> Yeah, look I think there are two or
three things that drive the Aussie.
First is obviously the carry. We spoke
about that. Uh the other thing is
obviously it's a cyclical effect so it
really relies on global growth story
again you know at the margin if we do
believe that you know this the war is
pretty much close to an end in the next
two months or so I think that global
growth story will be supportive the
Aussie and then obviously third was I
think you know in the last two to three
months Aussie had a bit of an extra
advantage because we are a net energy
exporter you know maybe we see a bit of
clawback from from that perspective but
I think the other elements will continue
to support
I was going to ask you about the pound
because it's a pretty big week as well
uh that's happening in the UK. Um just
given what's been going on in the guilt
market. I we haven't really seen too
much in terms of the sterling but
>> if the BOE is going to you can they
afford to hold is probably my big
question here.
>> Look I think a couple of things right we
got the CPI this week it came you know
it understood expectations so all the
more reason for them to hold. In fact we
don't think that the bank of England
will hike at all. That's not in our
forecast. So they'll be probably on an
extended hold. Uh we have all prices
coming off. So that's a positive. And I
think you know again at the margin you
know even if the BOE leans marginally
more hawkish than the last meeting uh
you know I don't think that's going to
change the the mechanics around
expectations much and the reason for
that is of course uh we have I think the
election uh as well the bi-election I
think is probably the most meaningful uh
market sort of mover in this week and
how that plays out what that means for
fiscal side of things. what that means
for guilts. I think that's probably the
key thing to watch.
>> Yeah.
>> Uh yeah, we started on the Fed. I want
to end on the Fed. Less forward
guidance. How does that affect how you
conduct your research in the FX markets?
>> Yeah. Look, I think we go we know less
forward guidance means we ought to look
at the data squarely and and that's it,
you know, and what the data says is
probably what the Fed is also going to
look at and more the inflation numbers.
I think you know it's very interesting
to note that when we look at the PCE
numbers uh which the Fed looks at you
know when we look at the trimmed PCE
actually that's really growing at a
marginally slow level way below you know
very close to actually the 2% target so
you know I think that's probably where
the focus will be different measures of
inflation but what are they indicating
and how that would you know play into
our forecast
>> Marjamin Zaman thank you so much head of
FX research at A&Z there just ahead here
in show as We take a closer look at why
markets may be reading a little bit too
much into the PBOC's changes to its
reverse uh repo operations effectively.
Are they really pivoting the market's
attention towards an overnight rate as
the key policy rate? We'll have more
with Bloomberg Economics coming up. This
is the China Show.
All right. Uh there's certainly a lot to
talk about when it came to what we heard
from Luadre there yesterday, right? So
there was of course this whole
implementation or at least we're talking
about more of this overseas repo rate
here. Um and really increasing the
operations on that front. Uh what you're
hearing from the Bloomberg economics
team is that don't think of this as a a
change in the policy rate framework as
of yet. That's where the speculation is
that that's where things are going. They
still think though still focused on that
7-day reverse repo rate. That still
remains the key there. Um so certainly a
lot to unpack there with Boomer
Economics. Let's bring in David Chu. He
joins us with more. Um just tell us a
little more about why you think this
this is happening, the reasons behind
the PBOC moves yesterday to to improve
these sort of open market tools.
>> Uh yes. uh we think um the PBC's
announcement yesterday I mean the uh
tools over the for the overnight is
mainly for liquidity management. So if
you look at what uh look at the
framework of the PBOC's uh interest
rate, they just overhauled it about two
years ago uh when they set the 7-day
reverse rate as the key policy rate uh
which anchors all the whole curve of the
PB. Uh but what left is that was that uh
the overnight uh market was still
volatile because the PBC left uh 50
basis points spread uh for the um for
the overnight rate I mean the market
rate to deviate from the uh the 7-day uh
policy rate. So that actually made the
the market quite volatile uh especially
uh when it comes to the quarter end or
month end when traders or uh uh when
traders struggles for cash to uh to to
fit into their their their portfolio. So
that um I think the PBC now they
narrowed the the spread and they uh
moved the the the time window for the uh
overnight uh uh operation uh 1 hour
ahead. so that they can leave more time
for the banks and the financial
institutions to manage their day end uh
liquidity position. So I think that is
the purpose but going going the other
way we don't think that uh it is a
signal for the change of the the
framework because as I site the PB just
overhauled it two years ago and now it
looks if you looks the the framework the
the 7-day reverse ripple rate is still
the anchor and the overnight rate is the
based on the 7-day rate.
>> Thank you for clarifying that. This can
get very very very confusing even for
people that follow it very closely on a
day-to-day basis. Remind us David what
is and I think you mentioned this
somewhat. You know it it was very recent
two years ago that the focus went to the
oneweek rate. What's the background here
for the PBOC to be discussing uh all
these things? Remind us please.
Uh actually if you uh I think it's it's
um we should understand the background.
If you look at the market, you would see
that uh the 10-year uh CGB uh yield
dropped about 12 uh businesses points
since the uh you know year to date. And
that you know if you read what happens
in the onore market, you would know that
traders are rushing into the uh the bond
market because the yield is going lower
and lower uh because of the macro
fundamentals. So that u in this case PBC
are always PBC PC is always concerned of
the leverage in the uh in the in the
market. Uh let's draw the lesson uh 12
years ago. Uh in June uh 2013
uh it was a similar scenario and uh at
the end of June uh China market
experienced a liquidity squeeze and the
overnight rate rose. I I remember the
highest record was something like 30%.
So yeah, that was the volat volatility.
So if you are the the official of the
PBC, you would concern about it again.
So that now we have the PBC improved the
uh overnight operation framework so that
they can better handle the potential uh
liquidity problem. And also if you look
at the other method POC issued yesterday
uh they they Yeah, they were trying to
uh get some new tools providing
liquidity to nonbank nonbank FIS. That
was the thing, you know, because
10 years uh 13 years ago, it was the
nonbank advice that triggered the
liquidity speed. So, you can see
>> Okay, David, thank you so much. David
Chu there, our Bloomberg economics
economist there. Not shifting focus, but
largely on theme here. You do have a lot
more central banks of course on deck
today. We're down with the Fed. The
PBOC, we just discussed that. Indonesia,
uh, the Philippines are poised to
tighten policy, perhaps even more so in
light of what the Fed just outlined for
us here. Uh, but then how do they think
about this deescalation in the Middle
East, which has been really a pain point
for both those economies. Uh, Marcus
Wong, our emerging markets macro
strategist, is with us right now to
discuss this. How are you thinking about
these two central banks now, Marcus,
today?
Yeah, you know at the at the start of I
I will just preface to say that this has
been absolute volatile week and I guess
if you are trading both currencies you
know there's been a lot of catalyst have
come about. So he started the week uh
you know with a peace deal essentially
which was very good for the currencies
uh I think the Philippine peso has
rallied by I think on on this week alone
probably by over 1.2 2 1.3% leading
gains in Asia. Similarly with the rupia
um but then know that we we was thrown
this spanner this this on Wednesday
night you know when the fed basically
said that yeah you know we will probably
be more hawkish than what a lot of
people out there were expecting. So
going to this decision it's going to be
very interesting. We look at bank
Indonesia they've already hiked by 75
basis points in this uh since the start
of the Iran war and and you know for and
you saw them do an off cycle 25 basis
points last week. So most investors I
think were quite you know unanimous in
them hiking again again this week but
with a peace deal and with the hawkish
fat um you know economies were quite
divided I think you know this out of 40
economist survey above expect them to
hike by 25 basis points but you have a
the next majority next minority
essentially asking them expecting them
to hold while there's even a small
minority expecting them for 50 basis
point hike so whatever decision will be
expect you know volatility going into
this decision today.
>> Um, for the BSP,
>> it's a double header there, Marcus. I'm
wondering I for the market, it's a
double header.
>> Which one which currency should I look
at most,
>> peso or rupia today?
>> Well, I think we've both going in
divided decisions. I would say slightly
the rupia because economists and traders
are like slightly more divided for it.
Um, but that said and done, you know,
even if there's the consensus is for
them to hide for both. Um and you know
that said and done we could still see
volatility coming up after the decision
because the rate hikes alone the
question out there is whether it's
enough to defend the currencies. Um you
know for a lot of investors out there
policy rates alone in isolation are not
important is essentially the gap between
the policy rate and the fat rate and if
we expect the fat rate to go up higher
moving forward or investors expect that
um you know central banks in the region
will need to actually accelerate you
know increases basically to keep up in a
sense. Um, so well, you know, this is
going to be interesting one to watch
today for these two central banks.
>> All right, Marcus, thank you. Marcus
Wong, there are Bloomberg EM and macro
strategist joining us out of Singapore.
We got plenty more coming up. This is
Bloomberg.
Right, welcome back. uh just in the last
few minutes Fitch upgrading CL credit
rating there to a outlook is stable.
They've laid out effectively why on your
screens this deepening global market
leadership uh broadening uh and market
diversification effectively the business
is looking good and from a free cash
flow perspective it's really uh this
deep net cash position hence the A
rating on the stock uh on on the credit
rating the stock is as you can see both
either flat to slightly lower lots more
ahead here on the China
11:29 a.m. in Tokyo. Japanese markets
are heading to that lunch break in just
a moment. Oo, it's pretty foggy in Tokyo
here today. Um, we are of course
watching very closely the currency this
morning. 16063
for dollar yen of course post Fed and
what we've been seeing here is that we
are approaching the weakest level uh
since about two years ago. So certainly
one thing to watch if if we're going to
see you know stepping in or intervention
here today after of course Kevin Worsh
and that press briefing there um
certainly did send a bit of uh I guess
you could say nerves across bond markets
and FX markets.
>> Yeah, we were forced to pull uh the rate
hike uh expectations of a rate hike
forward. Uh it's fully priced currently
for October. Y uh we're almost fully
priced last we checked for March of next
year for the second one. And I think
that's something to watch obviously as
markets digest this and whether or not
um it's something that can we look
beyond uh the next few meetings I guess
given the new dynamics as far as forward
guidance is concerned there. Uh the rest
of the region's doing actually okay
given this hawkish adjustment that we I
would like to see did see uh coming out
uh in terms of the market moves and the
delta because as you can see the dollar
is pulling back a little bit. Yields are
also pulling back a little bit although
compared to this time yesterday we're
certainly elevated on both the dollar uh
and US treasury yields. Uh S&P futures
as you can see are 1% to the upside.
There's also the news of course on Iran
and the US and signing this prelim
agreement which is obviously offsetting
some of the hawkish uh pull that we're
seeing. Um all things equal equities
with the exception of Chinese markets
today are actually doing uh quite well.
Okay, let's pivot uh from the macro to
the micro look at corporate news here
back to the attention on China. So we
have weide uh and Uber are planning to
launch commercial robo taxi services in
Europe. So you have Madrid and Zurich
later this year. Now those announcements
come after China suspended issuing new
license for autonomous vehicles
following this outage that hit of course
BU's separate fleet in Wuhan a few weeks
back. Uh joining us exclusively to talk
us through the dynamics and this
announcement is the Wide founder and CEO
Tony Han. Tony, good morning from Hong
Kong. We hope you're well. Thank you for
joining us today. Big announcements, two
new cities in Europe. tell us what's in
store.
>> Okay, that's a a kind of very exciting
movement of Video. Uh in June 2026 like
we ride, Uber and AOMO announced plans
to launch Spain's first commercial robot
taxi pilot service in Madrid. And uh we
are going to launch a commercial robot
taxi service in Madrid in collaboration
with Madrid's regional government with
rise available via Uber. As already
people have already noticed today in in
Midies in Dubai and uh Abu Dhabi you can
basically h
we ride driverless robbo taxi through
Uber app and people like it it's already
become a kind of phenomenon thing and
people like to use it but we want to
push this to the Europe. So our first
two two stop point will be uh uh it will
be uh Madrid and and then Zurich and we
have deployed trial operation in in
Zurich for a while and now I think we
are very excited to uh to announce like
within two weeks we are going to uh um
within two weeks we announced like we uh
we will launch our robot taxi service in
Madrid and then Zurich and in Zurich we
collaborate with Switzers Swiss
Switzerland federal road office and the
rides will also be available via Uber
app and uh Zurich will serve as the two
companies first deployment city in
Switzerland. So with all of this and I
think we are trying to push forward and
also uh you know we have plans to roll
out 15 cities within uh before 2030 and
these two cities ser serve as the fourth
and fifth city we roll out together.
>> Okay. Okay. So can you tell us bit more
about those plans? Uh what other cities
and markets are you are you really
focused on there?
>> So uh you know um we ride is focusing on
overseas market. So far we have already
deployed in Middle East that is
including UAE and in in Riad and also we
are focusing on the European market. Uh
we we want to build up the ecosystem
like uh we team up with uh the
Switzerland federal road office. We also
work with Uber and Abomo and we also
work with Madrid's regional government
uh regional government to first get
collaborations and uh we also we are
also taking a kind of asset light uh
asset light operating strategy and uh so
the plan is like we closely work with
local uh taxi uh operation uh company
and uh we work with Uber so that we can
roll out in in all the cities And so far
I'm very excited to let you know like so
far we have already rolled out our
autonomous driving service uh and
products in 40 cities in 12 countries.
Uh therefore I think this approach is
quite good. Let me share you with some
numbers. Currently we have approximately
3,000 vehicles robot tax uh autonom
driving vehicles. Among them 1,300
uh vehicles are robot taxi fleet robot
taxi. So over the in overseas among this
among this 1,300 vehicles, we have 500
in the overseas market, which shows us
we really focus on the overseas market
>> and well let me follow up on that Tony.
Do you then expect
most of your vehicles because of your
focus in overseas uh to come from your
overseas operations compared to
domestically?
Yeah, that's our plan. Gradually we will
put push more uh the robot tax fleet to
the to the overseas market. As you know,
we ride is a company like was founded in
Silicon Valley and then you know land
our headquarter in in Guangjo in China
and but always we regard we ride as a
global company and uh uh basically the
global market give us a better uh UE
model and uh we we we wherever the
market has welcome robo taxi and need
robo taxi to solve the gap between the
demanding and uh uh and human driver
shortage. age and we we are going to
enter that market. So that's our plan.
>> Then also one thing oh sorry yeah sorry
one thing I want go ahead go ahead I
think this company in nature is built up
as a global company we have office in
Singapore we have office in Abu Dhabi
Dubai Switzerland in Paris
so we really want to build up a global
company and serve the whole overseas
market. So this company in nature was
built up as a global company not just as
a a company from one country and grow to
the all the all all the all the
countries. We want to build up a global
company from nature. Yeah. Tony, I was
going to ask you out of all the cities
that you plan or you're looking at, is
London on your radar? Because we're
starting to see London be the first
market where you are seeing direct
competition between a US robo taxi
company Whimo uh with BU right does we
ride have any plans in London? Yeah, I
will let you know you know you know
because this involves is our you know we
always as you have know as you have
known like uh our collaboration with
Uber and with uh other local operation
company we will we will let you know at
the earliest moment once we decide to
announce uh currently I have no further
information to reveal but one thing I
want to point out we ride is absolutely
the best autonomous driving company uh
in China one of the best in in the world
and we won six consecutive championship
in navigation on on autopilot urban uh
urban challenge in China. six
consecutive championship. You know this
include every player in in China autom
driving player and we want we want six
consecutive championship and in terms of
robo taxi as you know from the tragedy
from some the current news like our
competitors they they kind of they were
suspended to grow the license plate but
at the same time we are still pushing
forward. So I think I I can foresee in
some major cities in Europe you will see
that uh the the competition between
rewrite and other competitors but we are
very very confident about winning this
competition and give the best service
and products to our customers.
>> Yeah please go ahead.
>> Tony I know you Yeah. So, I know you
can't disclose information before your
plans actually finalize, but just to
pick up maybe on something that you
said, u these two cities, Zurich and and
Madrid, are your fourth and fifth? And I
think you mentioned you plan on 10 more
after the fourth and fifth
>> uh taking you to 15 by 2030. Will those
10 be in Europe? If you could just tell
us that. I think uh you know that I
would say some of them actually if I may
you know I would ask the majority will
be in Europe but u you know that's the
only information I can reveal majority
will be in Europe but will be some
distributed globally but again that plan
may be adjusted according to uh
regulatory approval according to uh the
situations uh like involved with uh uh
with the negotiation and uh and with
local local companies. So, but uh the
tentative plan will be the major cities
will major of the left 10 city list will
be in Europe.
>> Okay, that's interesting too. Tony, I I
was going to get your your give us a
take on what's going on domestically uh
in China right now. There there has been
reports that we've been talking to our
sources about the suspension of new
licenses when it comes to new autonomous
vehicles in China after there were some
uh accidents or at least what we heard
from BU there some robo taxi suddenly
stopped in Wuhan recently. Uh what have
you heard so far and any signs that the
suspension has been lifted?
I think you know uh we work closely with
the uh the the local government and
central government. Overall the central
government and local government is very
supportive to the development of
autonomous driving and robo taxi. But at
the same time because uh this is a a
kind of application of physical AI. It
is running in the physical world. So the
national security uh community security
and the safety of all all the passengers
are the the very important factors to be
uh to be addressed by the local
government and central government which
I believe is a very very very right
thing and I don't want some lousy
company to have uh um not to have robo
taxi which hasn't be verified carefully
and ramping around in the road. I don't
want to live in such a city. So I think
the whole thing to be cautious is very
very correct and uh we are working
together with the central government,
local government to make sure the the
all the related regulation and uh uh
related uh uh rules uh can be correctly
applied. Uh we don't want to overkill
you know we don't want to kill the whole
robot taxi industry. I think we are
closely working together and uh I think
soon there will be some results that uh
uh
>> Tony does it impact your China
operations at all. Does it affect you
you know your new testing projects or
where you expand different cities in
China? Now
>> that's a great question. Okay. We
actually we make a suggestion to the
government that is you know I I just
want to always make analogy. uh for
example cru's tragic accident in in San
Francisco didn't halt uh the operation
of whimo in San Francisco and previously
uh there al other other companies like
uh accidents didn't affect uh uh the
other companies in United States and in
China I think uh we have already wise
out our our suggestion that is uh one
company's mistake shouldn't affect the
whole industry shouldn't affect the
whole robot taxi industry and so far I I
think we ride has everything ongoing and
we have also have our uh uh robot taxi
our pipeline and to get new license
plate overall I'm I'm I'm kind of
relatively optimistic and uh I'm not
concerned about uh a hot this kind of
suspension be last long
>> let's look at it in financial terms as a
final question Tony the market sees you
being able to double your revenue this
year
>> um from I believe 1 billion to just over
2.1 for the full year 2026. Do you think
you'll achieve that target?
>> I think we'll achieve and uh I'm pretty
sure uh you know all from the numbers I
cannot review at all but overall I think
we I'm quite optimistic about our
revenue and uh besides you know as I
mentioned you know our technology
progress has been great and more and
more customers are coming to us seeking
for collaborations. So overall I'm quite
optimistic. Uh although of course the
stock price may not reveal this kind of
uh progress immediately. Uh but we all
know stock price are jumpy and good
companies will be finally be have the
the right valuation. I'm so confident
with that.
>> Tony great to have you Tony Han there
founder and CEO at Wide. We have plenty
more to come. This is Bloomberg.
>> Right. Um some gains across the rare
earth space. Uh the big news of course
uh late yesterday if you were watching
in Asia Pacific G7 leaders agreed to
curb u their reliance on any single
country for rare earth. For more on the
story let's bring in Steven Angel our
chief North Asia correspondent on what
the leaders have agreed to specifically.
>> Yeah. And will they be able to carry
this out this deadline by 2030 to
essentially with the G7 nations highly
industrial nations obviously they rely
on the rare earth and China controls
most of them. uh they're basically
saying or the bulk of them upwards of
90% in some critical minerals uh and
also of course those rare earth magnets
and the like. So this statement that
they agreed to which one G7 source told
Bloomberg it was the one issue amid of
course all the questions about the the
peace deal between Iran and the United
States. It was the one issue all the G7
leaders agreed fully on and that is to
sort of curb uh the reliance on a single
nation to provide u the bulk of rare
earths uh to the G7 countries. So their
statement said no single country will be
able to by 2030 uh provide each nation
with more than 60% of their rare earth
needs and then going forward after 2030
uh that number could be even lowered
down to 50%. Uh and right now it's just
on rare earths and also permanent
magnets. It could be expanded also to
other uh critical minerals over the
course of this year yet to be announced.
But again, it it's vital to all these uh
economies,
>> but China still dominates in the whole
rare side of things. How how realistic
do you think these targets are?
>> Well, it's very difficult because it
takes time to build out the sourcing.
Right. So, one thing that they talked
about is that they are going to work
together, maybe have a shared platform
uh to kind of um source new sources of
these rare earths, maybe recycle jointly
as well. Uh but again the big hurdles
are the time that it takes to build out
the mines. There's the funding and
there's been reluctance to that as well.
It's very expensive. There are
regulatory hurdles in all these
countries. There's social opposition to
having new mines uh go in. Uh there are
technical setbacks. But the big one is
China dominates still and has the source
and ready support uh source right now.
Look back to Japan. Japan right now is
uh having, you know, the pressure of
those export controls, but they they've
had export controls on rare earths from
China dating back to 2010. They've been
trying to build out their own sources
and diversify away from China, but by
all indications, they still procure
about 75%
still after 16 years of that first
export controls, they're still supplying
uh procuring about 75% of rare from
China.
>> All right, Steve, thank you. May not be
that easy. Stephen Engel there, our
chief major correspondent uh on what we
heard from the G7. Uh to some other big
stories that we're tracking for you
today. The London Metal Exchange has
signed an agreement with the Shanghai
Futures Exchange to launch a new
contract giving overseas investors
access to China's flat steel market. The
LM says the cash settle contract will
track Shanghai's monthly US dollar hot
rolled coil steel price. Trading is
expected to begin October pending final
regulatory approval. Bloomberg has
learned that the Microsoft Microsoft has
built a major business selling open AI
models to Chinese companies despite
growing US China tensions over AI. Now,
sources say Bite Dance is its biggest
customer and is on track to spend more
than a billion dollars a year on
Microsoft's AI and cloud services. We're
told other major Chinese firms including
Ant Group, Mtoan, and Tencent are also
significant users of Microsoft's Azure
platform. Okay, let's talk about cool
kicks. Why not? Japanese sneaker maker
Onituka Tiger is looking at life beyond
its famous stripes as it prepares to
transform into a luxury lifestyle label
distinct from its parent AS6. The OT
group president and CEO Rioji Shoda
spoke exclusively to Bloomberg.
Until now, we have been operating the
Onituka Tiger brand within the AS6
group. But it was quite difficult for
customers to understand the difference
between AS6 and Onituka.
Therefore, although the operations were
run completely separately from the
customer's perspective, we believe that
our independence is the most important
thing.
>> But the business itself, for example,
you have exceptionally high profit
margins. Will you be able to sustain
that as a standalone business when you
have so much cost to also incur?
>> We do not think that way. We have
already institutionalized a company
structure. So our profits are generated
even after including back office costs
within our own operations.
Therefore, even though there might be
some adjustments due to this separation,
we believe it'll come out with almost no
change in terms of profit margins.
>> It's not cheap to open new flagship
stores. And I know that you're opening a
store in Los Angeles next year, right? I
want to ask you why because you actually
left the North American market just in
2023. What's driving this?
That is actually one of the reasons
behind this independence. When we
withdrew a few years ago, AS6 America
and Onituka Tiger were doing business
jointly. But due to differences in
mindset and brand direction, such as
thinking that we didn't need such a
large store, we ultimately couldn't open
stores the way we wanted to. Because of
that, we temporarily closed them down.
Now that Onetuka Tiger as a company can
manage the American side of the business
100% independently, it's one of the
reasons we decided to open a store at
the same time. How much demand then do
you expect for on Tyber just as a
standalone brand
for America? It's beyond our
imagination. But among the inbound
customers currently visiting Japan,
there are more from America than from
China. And this is not just in Japan.
American customers are going to places
in Asia like Thailand or to the UK. So
we think that the number of customers
might be considerably higher than we
imagined.
>> That's the thing. Every time I go to an
Onituka Tiger store across Japan, it's
full and it's mostly foreign visitors. I
do wonder though how much of that
impulse is coming from just the weak yen
and how do you expect to continue this
level of business growth especially with
the Bank of Japan hiking rates and
perhaps even seeing a little bit more
strength in the currency.
>> Of course, I think the effect of the
weak yen plays a part right now. But
rather than customers buying just
because of the weak yen, we have
properly selected our store locations
globally, such as here for Japan and
there for China, and more than 50% of
our customers worldwide are inbound
travelers. Therefore, the trend of
buying onuka when visiting Japan is
something I believe will continue for a
long time.
Right. Some things have changed. So we
now have a full hike price. Some things
haven't changed in as far as the semis
rally is concerned. Two central bank
decisions post Feds uh in Southeast
Asia, Indonesia, Philippines, of course
later on today. I mentioned chips. As
you can see, nothing really much has
changing as far as some of the advances
are concerned. We're back again looking
at these gains across the region. Uh in
China, the Jupu is still ripping higher.
Oh my goodness, we're up another 17%
here today. Continue to be a lot of
optimism around this story here and
Miniax that divergence continues for
another day, but we're talking already
about 60% gains in just this week alone.
>> I thought you were talking about Lenovo,
but yes, it's Dupu. It's Duru this week.
Uh all that uh on the benchmark basis
hasn't really showed up. So MSA in China
is coming up on your screens. By the
way, last session for the week because
markets are shut on Friday, one and a
half% to the upside. We're at session
lows or near session lows and we are
nearing bare market territory.
>> All right, that's it for us here on the
China show. Insight is next. Stay with
us.